git-fork: add page (#6013)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-fork.md

# git fork

> > Fork the given github repo. Like clone but forks first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Fork and clone GitHub repositories.
```
How about that?

> > Fork the given github repo. Like clone but forks first.
> > Part of git-extras.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Fork the given GitHub repo. Like `git clone` but forks first.
> Part of `git-extras`.
```

> More information: <https://github.com/tj/git-extras/blob/master/Commands.md#git-fork>.

> - Fork a given github repo with full url:

Reviewer 2: We've been tending towards "specified" lately...
```suggestion
- Fork the specified GitHub repo by full URL:
```

> - Fork a given github repo with full url:

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
- Fork a specific GitHub repository and clone it to the current directory:
```

> - Fork the specified GitHub repo by full URL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fork and clone a specific GitHub repo by full URL:
```
Now it uses the same wording as the second example.

Reviewer 3: Just dropping my thoughts:
* The word specific/specified redundant if it'll that it's specified by a unique property anyway. ("by URL").
* The word "full" is redundant, a URL is assumed to be ~full~ _absolute_ unless specified otherwise.

```suggestion
- Fork and clone a GitHub repository by its URL:
```

Thoughts on that, or disagree? @marchersimon

Reviewer: Actually that makes sense. And it also sounds a lot nicer.

Reviewer 2: Yep, that's better. 2nd suggestion it is

`git fork {{https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr}}`

> - Fork a given github with short name:

Reviewer 2: I believe these are commonly called "slugs":
```suggestion
- Fork the specified GitHub repo by slug:
```

Reviewer 4: Who knows that! 
No, I don't like this one

Reviewer: I've never heard of `slugs` and even though the command itself is self-expantory, I'm not sure if `short name` would be easier to understand.

Reviewer 2: Sure, let's change that.

Reviewer 3: I actually wanted to comment on this since I knew there was a real name for it, but I just couldn't remember it. 
I think "slug" would be better myself. 

> A repository slug is a URL-friendly version of a repository name, automatically generated by Bitbucket for use in the URL. For example, if your repository name was 'føøbar', in the URL it would become 'foobar'. Similarly, 'foo bar' would become 'foo-bar'.     
> \- https://support.atlassian.com/bitbucket-cloud/docs/what-is-a-slug/

> Who knows that!

Maybe this is something people should know! \\(^-^)/

Author: TIL -- I had no idea this was a `slug`... I think we all learn everyday and it makes me happy  :)

Reviewer 2: Yeah, people might be curious about the word and then look it up 💡

Author: Yes ... :)

> - Fork a given github with short name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fork and clone a specific GitHub repository, using its short name:
```

> - Fork and clone a specific GitHub repository by its 'slug':

Reviewer: @mfrw, as you pointed out [here](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/6013#discussion_r637263949), `specific` is rather redundant. Also why put 	`slug` in `'..'`?

Author: @marchersimon Yes I had pointed that out, but when i thought about it;
- `slug` is the proper word for it.
- Looking at examples it is clear that it is the `username/reponame` == `slug`
-  We get to introduce a new term to the users in addition to provide what they came for :)
This way we are doing 2 things :)

in any case please let me know your thoughts. If we think its too specific, we can always change it.

Reviewer 3: I think @marchersimon meant why `its 'slug'` as opposed to `its slug`.

Author: Ohhhh myyy :( 
silly me
